VIII - OUR HOME
(CHILLING MUSIC PLAYING)
- AMICIA: (GROANS)
- HUGO: You're having a bad dream?
- AMICIA: Are you...
Are you awake already?
- HUGO: Yes. I found lots and lots and lots of things.
Come and see.
You'd really like them.
Come on, come on!
(METAL OBJECT DROPS ON THE GROUND)
- AMICIA: What's that noise?
- HUGO: It's Lucas. Follow me! You'll see!
- AMICIA: Right... This will wake me up...
Hopefully.
- HUGO: Down here!
Lucas!
- LUCAS: Oh! There you are!
- AMICIA: Sleep well?
- LUCAS: Not a wink.
This laboratory is in bad shape.
But it inspired me.
I'm on the brink of completing the Great Work.
And you...
You can help me.
- HUGO: Oh, yes yes!
What do we have to do?
- LUCAS: Amicia, I need the phial
from the left-hand table.
- AMICIA: Er... Alright.
- HUGO: And me? And me?
What can I do?
- LUCAS: We need light for the last step.
Hugo, go get the candle.
- HUGO: I can do that!
- AMICIA: Ugh... That must be it.
- HUGO: Here.
- AMICIA: Alchemists lived here.
Might be Launrentius' tool.
Here. Anything else?
- LUCAS: Uh... yes. The concentrated laurel sap.
It's just behind me.
- AMICIA: I'll get it.
- HUGO: What's the Great Work?
Can I eat it?
- LUCAS: It's the elixir that will illuminate your path.
A beacon for the bearer of the Macula.
It came to me during the night.
- AMICIA: That's it.
Here.
- LUCAS: Good.
So...
The angle's tear...
The pinnacle of alchemy...
- AMICIA: The elixir.
- HUGO: Wow!!
The Great Work!
- LUCAS: Uh... it...
...wasn't supposed to do that.
- AMICIA: It doesn't matter, Lucas.
Perhaps, we...
...should let you rest, right Hugo?
- HUGO: Well done, Lucas.
You're a sorcerer.
Amicia, come on.
- AMICIA: I'm coming.
- HUGO: Amicia, where are you going?
- AMICIA: It's alright. You can come.
Where does that lead to?
Oh...
A grave.
- HUGO: Who is it?
- AMICIA: I don't know.
We can say something if you'd like.
- HUGO: Sorry to disturb you.
We don't have any candles...
...but we'll leave you in peace.
- AMICIA: And thanks for looking after us.
Come on! Let's go!
By the way, have you seen Mélie?
- HUGO: No.
- AMICIA: Uh... She's...
Maybe she's already gone.
- HUGO: Oh no! I wanted to say goodbye to her.
- AMICIA: We'll have to patch up these straw mattresses.
We've got a lot of work to do.
Oh yes, the things we found.
This would stop us losing them from older mess.
Hugo's waiting for me.
I better go.
Wow... This castle must've been empty for centuries.
- HUGO: (SHOUTING)
- AMICIA: Wow.
- HUGO: Come on, Amicia.
Let's both do it!
(BOTH SHOUTING)
(LAUGHTER)
- MÉLIE: Having fun, are you?
I'm sure the Inquisition are, too.
- AMICIA: Mélie! We thought you'd gone!
- MÉLIE: Come on.
We need to talk.
- AMICIA: What's the matter?
- MÉLIE: This castle is a ruin.
- AMICIA: Ah...
- MÉLIE: Not exactly what you need.
Whoever built this place
really didn't want to be fucked with.
Be good and you'll be fine.
- AMICIA: So... you're going to find Arthur?
If I can help...
- MÉLIE: He's my problem.
You heard what I heard.
Those Inquisition dogs took him to the Bastion.
I know where to look.
I'll find him.
- HUGO: Amicia, look!
- MÉLIE: Listen...
With Hugo...
It doesn't look easy but believe me...
It's worth it.
He will save you.
They always end up saving us.
Even if... you know...
Brothers...
Sometimes you just want to kill them.
- HUGO: The symbol, Amicia.
- AMICIA: I believe you.
Anyway, don't leave without saying goodbye.
- MÉLIE: (SCOFFS) As if that was my style.
- HUGO: Amicia, please come.
- AMICIA: Yes, Hugo. What did you find?
- HUGO: Down there! It's the drawing.
- AMICIA: What drawing?
- HUGO: The one in the dining room.
I'll show you. Come on.
- AMICIA: I'm following you.
- HUGO: Look! It's the same symbols.
- AMICIA: You're right.
Alchemist coat of arms, maybe?
- HUGO: Have you seen the tree?
- AMICIA: The tree?
- HUGO: Come on! Over here!
(LAUGHTER)
Come back!
Where are you going?
(LAUGHTER)
- AMICIA: (CHUCKLES)
You've found new friends.
- HUGO: Yes.
(LAUGHTER)
Amicia.
I'm sorry. I'm sick.
- AMICIA: No, no no!
Listen, we're going to find a way to cure you.
And there're Lucas and Mélie now, you know.
- HUGO: Lucas, come see the butterflies.
- LUCAS: Looks like someone's having a good time.
- HUGO: (LAUGHS)
- AMICIA: It's getting bigger.
(LAUGHTER)
- LUCAS: Yes...
The Macula is spreading through his blood.
The book says there are several thresholds
in the process.
And at each threshold...
the carrier may be lost.
- AMICIA: How much time do we have?
- LUCAS: Very little.
Hugo is nearing the first threshold.
My Master and your mother
were trying to slow the process down.
- AMICIA: But how?
What were they doing?
- LUCAS: They were working
on a very complex elixir...
That would allow him time to prepare it.
- AMICIA: And do you know how to do it?
- LUCAS: I don't have their knowledge.
But their work was inspired
by a forbidden book.
The Sanguinis Itinera...
- AMICIA: So, perhaps...
With the book... we could...
- LUCAS: I'm afraid not.
The Sanguinis Itinera is dangerous.
It is sealed together with other works.
In the university's basement.
Just getting there would be near impossible.
Suicidal, even.
- AMICIA: Normally, yes. But...
If we take advantage of the current chaos...
We might have a chance.
- MÉLIE: I know the place, it's in town
not far from where they keep my brother.
If you're ready to take that risk.
I can help you get in.
- AMICIA: Thank you!
- MÉLIE: Right, I'll get my belongings together.
Meet me inside when you need to leave.
- LUCAS: In that case, you'll need some equipments.
I'll get it ready.
- AMICIA: Hugo.
I'm really sorry. I need to leave.
- HUGO: Don't worry. I'll stay with Lucas.
- AMICIA: Good!
I'll be back soon.
Father...
Mother...
You'll always be here.
With us.
- MÉLIE: At last...
Alright, come on.
- LUCAS: Here. And one last thing...
Laurentius told me once that there're roses
scattered along the path to the book.
So keep your eyes opened.
- AMICIA: Roses.
Alright, we will.